this will you do by every time excellent
sight we are fishing for far bigger fish
than time exists today
besides got a nice to have time stop for
bed right right there stop I'm a
perfectly stuffed guy you're so full of
it you're the sucker that married me in
abduction
this was taken from the traffic camera
across the street
he's a known international terrorist
we're gonna find him but why her a
discovery Leila must have bought this
today guy was looking for something
hey there's your motive a mystery that
spans centuries you have a deal a deal
what you got here it's a treasure map
this is from a clandestine Society
an ancient order who constructed 12
clocks to conceal a secret they were
sworn to protect
some say the Nazi stole that secret in
an attempt to harness evil
she says you have the clock please just
tell me is she okay do you know what the
club can reveal I don't know what you're
talking about it's good that you don't
because if you knew the real truth you
would lose your mind turn the clock to
me or she dies where is your fungus wife
you can believe she's dead and quit or
you can believe she's alive and fight
one man will have to unravel one of the
greatest conspiracies of all time Vesta
gate who made the clock because if I
come back here without her I'll need
another lead you're going after him he's
lethal I could be a resource to you we
found on your clocks as blood would
spill yeah then a storm is coming we're
not leaving until you give us some
answers twelve men were given a secret
that could bring about the end of the
world
you must find these gloves before the
enemy does
zero-hour coming to ABC
[Music]